Update party-robot introduction.md (#1734)
exercism/go: concepts/packages/about.md

// using the errors package located at github.com/pkg/errors by alias
errs.New("Connection not established")
```

> Similar to program languages like Java that use access modifiers such as `public` and `private`, Go determines if an item is exported and unexported through how it is declared. 

Reviewer: The term "similar" was a bit confusing for me because in the end its not very similar when you look at the syntax.
```suggestion
Languages like Java use access modifiers such as `public` and `private` to specify what is accessible from outside. Go determines whether an entity is exported from a package or not through how it is declared.
```

To allow an item to be called by code in other packages (i.e. [export an identifier](https://golang.org/ref/spec#Exported_identifiers) , the name must start with a capital letter:

```go
package greeting
// Hello is a public function (callable from other packages)
func Hello(name string) string {
    return "Hello " + name
}
// hello is a private function (not callable from other packages)
func hello(name string) string {
    return "Hello " + name
}

> ```

Reviewer: This content (or a shorter version of it) is probably also missing from the concept introduction.md file.
